
1. Dance + Fine arts:
You will be in charge of the 3 dance events. Work will majorly include finding associations for prize partners n judges. Some coordination with Dance club.

Fine arts events involve a similar kind of work. Also, managing the 2 online events in this category. Some coordination with kala club.

2. Drama + Quiz:
In-charge of 3 drama events. Work will include calling different academies for prizes n judging. Coordinating with Drama club.
Quiz events involve coordinating with the quiz club N looking for judges, associations etc..

3. Music:
Handling 6 music events of different music genres. Once again , work is mostly calling associations as prize partners and judges.

4. Design and FashP:
Working on the design events. This includes brainstorming new incentives for the winners, calling academies for prizes n finding n calling judges. A larger Scope for creativity in events here as the vertical is a relatively new one.

FashP- one of the big 4 events. Work will involve calling for prizes n judges.

4. Moot :
A premier law event. Work will include budgeting, calling for judging n prize partners. Calling for participants is also done here.

5.SMTF:
Our national stand-up comedy competition. Held in 9 cities across the country. A lot of work will be done in the summer period as national elims will be organized then. Work will include calling some of the best places of the city as venue partners. You will also be calling with different comedy clubs and companies for associations. Later on, there will be calling sessions for participants in goa elims.

6. Irshaad:
The Hindi poetry slam event of Waves. It will be done in collaboration with Abhivyakti. Once, again majority work in the summer as we are gonna have national elims. A bit of added reaponsibility as its the first time it goes national. Calling for participants, venues, judges. You will get to know a lot of people in the Hindi poetry circuit.

7. Carpe Dictum + Contention:
The events here are organized in association with LDC.  This vertical has two major events-
Inverse- 
The English poetry slam event. Majority work in the summer period as national elims will be organized. Calling for participants, venues, judges, prizes.

Contention-
The British Parliamentary Debate event. Calling for participants, judges.

8. Mr n Ms Waves + Film n Photography-
Mr n Ms Waves is a big 4 event. Work will include, calling for prizes n judges, brainstorming different rounds.

9. Strangely Familiar:
The BITSian - non BITSian bonding event. Work will include brainstorming new rounds, searching for judges n new incentives.
